c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\bin\Debug\LiteGears.exe.config
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\bin\Debug\LiteGears.exe
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\bin\Debug\LiteGears.pdb
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.frm_menu.resources
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.exe
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.pdb
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.Forms.frm_for.resources
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.Forms.frm_cliet.resources
c:\users\theprogrammer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.Forms.frm_tools.resources
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\bin\Debug\LiteGears.exe.config
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.exe
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.pdb
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\bin\Debug\LiteGears.exe.manifest
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\bin\Debug\LiteGears.application
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\bin\Debug\LiteGears.exe
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\bin\Debug\LiteGears.pdb
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.Forms.frm_cliet.resources
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.Forms.frm_for.resources
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.frm_menu.resources
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.Forms.frm_tools.resources
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.exe.manifest
C:\Users\THEPROGRAMMER\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LiteGears\LiteGears\obj\Debug\LiteGears.application
